the usmm years she doubts a lot and this
for this reason all actions
carried out until proven otherwise
in email abuse that this team she is
very fibrils at the level of the axis one has
seen on the disk action position the
years old he was alone it looks like
the defenders sense there and are present
physically simply there is a
hard blow for the very hard usma which is
as we say in this kind of
competition and for that purpose situation
to equalize and the ball centered the
goaltender went and the big equalizer
not move with the second who was
well by a defender ogushi helped me
by the goalkeeper has fed up the Belgian goalkeeper
from departing for a week
on the center his guards who emptied the
ball of friends to him
this assumes so for these tests by
woe for him there are positions of
strikes and richly garnished the ball
and that's auspicious evil of usma that
returns three minutes after the game in
not worth the free kick deflected the goalkeeper
which deflects the left - wing bat bat
the defenders who we can the the
clear and well said the ball me I
think it's a mistake the caretaker
purpose badly because this rice not the output
it's good but it says well the ball on
the back of the opponent I already think they
are here for example it's like that
they can destabilize what their
is invincible donna beldjilali his
benefits in one of the belgian he
she who sings i think io the myth
the peak of belinelli extraordinary boom
is really in the skylight said the
lilac
allows the alger usma to mark the
second goal
it's my goal
achi
it was
she had said
Yes
we have already seen twice between
blessed gesture and life last
advanced does not it's fine
presented by the High
bravo to deliver to say on what they
have come back from far and away sowing and then
my lunch and go here if we see again
it's the one who did it again
the gesture there are the pensions facing the
betis keeper to our third third
purpose of the quiet usma well shot and
with a little dragged what I thought
while they have little luck too
and why in fact there was a
child but I do not know
well said and I
a lot of luck of course but you
would have said woods noticed
he touched luck
he chose our beautiful actions
a problem moussa abou moussa that has
selected
we do not forget to god for belli and for
the usma d'alger which succeeds in marking the
fourth purpose is Speed
kennedy
our goal in but what efforts of
limoux his ropes and I'll say
Something
it's the big job of gains
harvey ja ja coffee good pressing in the middle
of land he recovered the balloon and
pilar pilar he has the mayoralty for this ball
at the dock of 10 meters and espinas not and
selfish unlike a countered
he gave a good ball aa blessed
four years ago gentlemen reborn the screen
in front of the woods will allow ben
resist anyway if it's good you
say stopped great efforts and then
normally low and she'll go out spices
and yb nice is when you have by
tech logically it makes a beautiful
part of a beautiful second half
kemal because center recessed three
players at the sporting reception and its
following an error of the arfi always
try to score that fifth goal that
will do it me well but do not get there
is more marked raymond good moment
sir they deserve in a doubled
to be doubled
imerys explained to me what showed us
second time whenever he
made bathing shoots 30 meters in
to try to bring this world
and then and then and then this mail what we
is even seeing it looks like
to listen to those Nazis and bad
second half time
he shows another face simply
mims where the package
he plays his partners etc
present what does this boy say he was
very happy and he has a lot of class
and when here me aaa to the collective I
think it's a boy who can
they know and who took away
selfishness because they had deterred
given the basis in an intelligent way
and then really as they say ball to
feet gives him to balgau foot and martin
and although weighing on this action me
slipped theirs with the sonel like everything
on time